---
title: "#100DaysOfCode Day 24"
date: 2021-01-17
categories:
  - 100 Days of code
tags:
  - python
  - 100DaysOfCode
---

Continuing with the Pluralsight course.  Important to think of Python using variables as named references to objects instead of the typical 'a variable is a box you put values in' train of thought.  Think of it as Python attaching a name tag to an object.  

```python
>>> a = 1
>>> b = a
>>> print(b)
1
```
In the example above, both "a" and "b" are referring to the object of 1.  We now have two name tags on the same object.  

Default arguments in Python should be immutable, as mutable types will only get built once and could create confusion/bugs further on down the line.

```python

def append_something(my_list=[]):
...     my_list.append('something')
...     print(my_list)
... 
>>> a_list = ['one', 'two']
>>> append_something(a_list)
['one', 'two', 'something']
>>> append_something(a_list)
['one', 'two', 'something', 'something']
```

You can see that 'a_list' is created once and Python keeps appending to same list.  
Solution, again is to use mutable types if you have a default argument.

Type declarations are unnecessary in Python. Names can be rebound as necessary to objects of any type.  Then scopes were covered (four scopes = **L**ocal, **E**nclosing, **G**lobal, and **B**uilt-in).  "LEGB" rule--order in which names are looked up.  Mainly note the life of variables wihtin functions.

Next emphasis was on "everything is an Object."  "dir" function inspects an object and gives its attributes and definitions.

Tuples covered next.  Immutable and access index via '[],'  Can use 'len' function on them as well. Tuple unpacking.  More on strings. Join() method covered.   Then covered range().  Next was string slicing. Some list methods, and some dictonary methods. 


[100DaysOfCode]:https://www.100daysofcode.com/faq/

