---
title: "#100DaysOfCode Day 25"
date: 2021-01-18
categories:
  - 100 Days of code
tags:
  - python
  - 100DaysOfCode
---

More with the Pluralsight course. Started of with sets (unordered collections of unique elements). Set order is arbirtray.  I've used the "set()" function before.  Went over the constructors and methods for sets. Plenty of union algebra functions worth digging into later (unions, intersections, subset, e.tc.)

Protocols, which like some other subjects in this course was rushed through with no real emphasis on why this was worth learning. 

Next module was on exceptions. In a try block the execution is passed to the exception block if the exception block has been set up to catch that error type.  For example, KeyError, TypeError. Common exception types covered. Usually in Python we avoid catching TypeErrors. Finally-blocks are always executed.

Next module was iteration and iterables.  Comprehension, generation functions, generator expressions.  
List Comprehension Syntax:
```python
[expr(item) for item in iterable]
```
Sets have same comprehension form except using "{}" instead of brackets. 
Dictionary comprehensions also use the braces, except we have two items now:
```python
{
  key_expr(item): value_expr(item)
  for item in iterable
}
```
The generator parts were difficult to follow. Most importantly the module didn't explain *why* you would use a generator in the first place. Similar results with the itertools.  The instructor is racing through parts and loves math examples (they've loved that througout the course, to be fair).  I'll just note that I need to find some other resources to better understand what this part of the course was aiming at.



[100DaysOfCode]:https://www.100daysofcode.com/faq/

